Sami Sheen showed off her very sexy Halloween costume in a set of new photos shared to Instagram on Sunday. The 20-year-old OnlyFans model was dressed up as a Victoria's Secret Angel, something the Kardashian and Jenners did severl Halloweens ago. The  daughter of Denise Richards, 53, and Charlie Sheen, 58, had on a white bra and matching underwear with a bare tummy after getting breast augmentation earlier this year.
Linda Gray was on the hit TV series Dallas for 13 years. The veteran actress, director and former model played Sue Ellen Ewing, the long-suffering wife of Larry Hagman's on screen persona J.R. on the classic TV series.  The California native hit a red carpet last week.
      The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives star Whitney Leavitt and her husband Conner have welcomed their third child together. A representative confirmed with People that the couple welcomed a son named Billy Gene Leavitt.  Their child was born on Wednesday, October 24.
        Gwen Stefani looked every inch the doting mother while out in Los Angeles with her sons on Sunday.She flaunted her slender figure while arriving to her son Apollo's flag football game.
        On Sunday, the 52-year-old actress took to Instagram to share a clip of her hilarious monologue while she was walking through a dark and spooky haunted house with her son.
        Beyoncé made a huge splash with an impassioned speech at the Kamala Harris rally in her hometown of Houston, Texas on Friday night.
Katie Holmes looked very stylish out in New York City over the weekend.The Dawson' Creek star, 45, wore a brown silk blouse under a classic houndstooth blazer.
        Lindsay Hubbard of Summer House fame hosted a co-ed baby shower at New York City's Paris Café on Saturday.
        The troubled 61-year-old even compared his highly-publicized, contentious civil defamation trial to that of 'OJ Simpson'
                Nikki Lund has posed in a Halloween bikini before the spooky day falls on Thursday The siren wore her blonde hair down as she lay by a swimming pool in Nashville, Tennessee in the orange swimsuit as she added a belly chain in a shoot shared with DailyMail.com. The singer, whose single Foolish was released on Apple Music, also talked to DailyMail.com about her top three tips for staying slender during the cooler months.
      Amber Rose tried to step back from her comments accusing Beyonce of copying her speech at Friday night's rally for Vice President Kamala Harris in Houston. It followed backlash from the avid Donald Trump supporter's tweet in which she claimed Harris plagiarized her remarks from the Republican National Convention in July.






        
        The former First Daughter, 26, showcased her natural beauty on Monday as she went makeup-free while picking up supplies at Whole Foods. Malia - who was recently spotted at Charlie XCX concert alongside her sister, Sasha - was a world away from her party-girl ensemble as she opted for a casual look while running errands.
      

 








                
                At the beginning of October, Cherise Pfeifer began decorating her home for the spookiest day of the year by covering her house in handmade haunted characters and tombstones. She has now has claimed that her city council has attempted to 'suck the fun' out of Halloween by fining her more than $100 a day for her 'car crash' scene.
            

 







        
        A firefighter's wife revealed the exhaust fan in the bathroom can cause the most dangerous and fast-spreading house fires - and few people suspect it.
    
 







        
        A heart surgeon has lifted the lid on how you can shop for the healthiest foods at the grocery store - and one of his tips may even change the way you walk down the aisles.
    
 








                
                One of the internet's most popular 'tradwives' has revealed how her 'ancestral diet' keeps her and her family in great shape and prevents them from getting sick.  Gretchen Adler boasts more than half a million followers on social media, who tune in to follow her recipes and 'tradwife' lifestyle - a term used to describe women who are in traditional, family-focused marriages.
            

 







        
        Supermodel Coco Rocha, 36, attended the American Ballet Theatre's Fall 2024 Gala with her mini-me daughter Ioni James Conran, eight, by her side on Wednesday night.
    
 







        
        A 'clueless' woman went on a tour of a legal brothel in Pahrump, Nevada, with her mother-in-law - and ended up working as a madam at the establishment.
    
 








                
                Nixon, 58, and Parker, 59, worked together on the cast of the 1998 hit show Sex and The City, where Nixon played high-powered lawyer Miranda Hobbes and Parker played it-girl and writer Carrie Bradshaw. The original show, which unfortunately ended its run in 2004, also featured actress Kristin Davis as Charlotte York, and Kim Cattrall as Samantha Jones. However, in 2020, HBO announced a reboot of the original series on their streaming platform, HBO Max, naming it And Just Like That... which shows the women years later.
            

 







        
        Ayo Edebiri sent fans into a spin after an innocent typo accidentally misidentified the 29-year-old as being a mom to a two-year-old.
    
 







        
        Originally posted to the r/Ask_Reddit subreddit, the post recirculated recently on X, where users shared warning signs they thought was a functioning body.
    
 








                
                A body language expert has claimed that Hugh Jackman and Sutton Foster's romance isn't the real deal as the pair lack 'passion'. The Hollywood heavyweights sparked romance speculations after previously starring in Broadway's The Music Man together.
            

 








                
                A newlywed has shared how she was relentlessly trolled online and labelled a paedophile after sharing photographs of her wedding day. Lauren Evens (left in both photos), 31, from Surrey, married Hannah Kaye (right) at their local registry office in September. The influencer was over the moon at tying the knot with her wife after initially meeting on Tinder and going on to date for two years, with Hannah popping the question in January. Little did the couple know they would be subject to a barrage of online abuse after sharing professional snaps from the big day on social media. In a disturbing turn of events, Lauren was falsely accused of being a pedophile by hundreds of Instagram users for 'marrying someone so young' - despite Hannah being 29-years-old.
            

 







        
        Dear Jane, My wedding is coming up in a few weeks and my fiancé and I are scraping together all of the finishing touches to make sure the day is perfect.
    
 







        
        Bethenny Frankel is clapping back at her haters after they criticized her runway walk for the Le Défilé L'Oréal Paris Walk Your Worth show in Paris this week - and she's not mincing words.
    
 








                
                Celebrities and influencers are sometimes known for sharing too much of themselves on social media. And one trend in recent years has been for stars to share cheeky photos of themselves sitting on the toilet. From the fame-hungry Kardashians to more private A-listers like Halle Berry and Charlize Theron, it seems that stars these days can't resist posting photo dumps for fans.
            

 







        
        My husband and I have known each out for four decades and have been happily married for 35 years - but now I can't stand to be near him.
    
 







        
        A man with a 'two-inch penis' has opened up about what women think of him when having sex and if size really does matter. He lifted the lid on his sex life on Reddit and allowed users to ask questions.
    
 








                
                Fans on social media have gone wild over a new photo of 'stunning' former First Lady Michelle Obama. Michelle, 60, took to Instagram on Thursday to cast her vote in the US presidential election. Posing with her ballot in hand, the Becoming author showcased her natural beauty as she beamed for the camera.
            

 







        
        With election day rapidly approaching on ⁦Tuesday, November 5, 2024⁩, people are planning their outfits and sharing what they're wearing on social media - but some ensembles might be outlawed.
    
 







        
        This season's Golden Bachelorette Joan Vassos has responded to Martha Stewart 's recent diss about the show - and she's not holding back.
    
 








                
                When she isn't caring for some of Hollywood's biggest A-listers like actress Kat Graham and singer LeAnn Rhimes, Dr. Mindy Pelz is dishing out health advice that will help you achieve your wellness goals once and for all. While speaking exclusively to DailyMail.com, the doctor - who is set to release her latest book, Eat Like A Girl, on October 22 - revealed which dieting fads are here to stay and which you should ditch.
            

 







        
        Ashley Graham, 36, is the latest in a whole slew of celebrities to back a wellness-focused non-alcoholic drink, joining Blake Lively, Bella Hadid, Katy Perry, and more.
    
 







        
        I'd never had a serious relationship before, and I used to travel around for work - so I'll admit that I'd slept with a fair few people before we met.
    
 








                
                Doctor and end-of-life specialist Shoshana  Ungerleider advises people who have loved ones dealing with a terminal illness to talk about what they want the end of their life to look like, and where they want their final moments to be - particularly if they want hospice care. She revealed that while 80 percent of people want to die at home only a tiny 30 percent achieve this - highlighting why it's pivotal to have those hard conversations.
            

 SHOPPING: Get baby soft feet in under 2 weeks with this viral foot peel on Amazon that is 20% off right now with this coupon. SHOPPING: Bid farewell to stubborn body odors with an impressive 30% off sitewide on all Lume products during the brand's early Black Friday sale, good now through October 27 - be quick! 








                
                Kansas City Chiefs owner Clark Hunt and wife Tavia are celebrating their 31st wedding anniversary together - and are looking back through the years in photos where she's a spitting image of daughters Ava, 18, and Gracie, 25. Taking to Instagram Wednesday, Tavia posted a series of snaps that showed happy memories she and Clark have had together over the past three decades.
            

 







        
        The Daily Beast released an op-ed on Tuesday that angered people over its 'sexist' statements regarding Vice President Kamala and her fashion choices.
    
 







        
        A dad has been slammed after revealing he gives his 19-year-old daughter a monthly allowance of $3,000. He explained the situation on Reddit.
    
 







        
        Sasha Dennocenzo frequently boasts her day-to-day life as a mom on her TikTok channel, where she has garnered over 2,800 followers. She has now shared a new video online.
    
 







        
        The Heroes alum, 35, revealed that the 'stress' from his passing resulted in her body 'ballooning out,' which left her in a 'really bad' and 'destructive' place.
    
 








                
                The 'Queen's Building' at Balmoral - just a few yards from the world-famous castle - is going to be transformed into a destination for 'weddings, dinners, meetings and other events'. Licensing papers submitted to Aberdeenshire Council show that the hall on the north of the historic estate has requested permission to play music and serve alcohol late. (Pictured from left: The King and Queen, Balmoral. Inset: The late Queen with Prince Philip)
            

 







        
        Charles, 77, sported Red Sea rig dress with blue Samoan detail from the Samoan school of fine art on the sleeves and epaulettes, with a matching cummerbund.
    
 







        
        The Spanish royal family put on a dashing display as they met the winners of a university competition in Oviedo today.
    
 








                
                There may be over 3,000 miles separating the Hamptons from Melides in Portugal - but these two holiday destinations have more than just glorious sandy beaches in common.  Namely, both these celebrity hotspots count Meghan Markle (centre) among their A-List fans.
            

 







        
        The Duchess of York, 65, has shared a powerful message about her mental health during a visit to the beach in Donegal, Ireland.
    
 







        
        The heir to the Belgian throne posed for the new photographs in America, where she is studying for her MA in public policy at Harvard Kennedy School.
    
 







        
        Diana Parkes and Hetti Barkworth-Nanton received the Pride of Britain Special Recognition Award for their work supporting victims of domestic abuse.
    
 







        
        Richard Fitzwilliams - a royal expert and commentator - said he agrees with the ex-Vanity Fair editor, who alleged that Meghan has the 'worst' judgement while on The Ankler podcast.
    
 







        
        The heir to the Spanish throne, 18, appeared in high spirits as she received the honour by Mayor Alfredo Canteli at Oviedo City Hall.
    
 







        
        The royal looked handsome in an classic black and white suit as he arrived at The Princess Grace Awards 40th Anniversary Gala  in New York on Wednesday.
    
 








                
                Accustomed to wearing designer clothing and exquisite jewels, the Duchess of Sussex is widely recognised for her luxurious style. Yet Meghan Markle has admitted she owns several pieces from Japanese casual wear brand Uniqlo, following the appointment last month of her favourite designer, Clare Waight Keller, as the label's creative director. In an email to The New York Times as part of an interview with Clare, who designed the Duchess' wedding dress, Prince Harry's wife revealed how she and the Birmingham-born fashion expert have a 'beautiful friendship'. Meghan added that she owns several of Clare's Uniqlo items, including a trench coat and some dresses. 'Her pieces for the brand have movement and modern grace,' wrote the Duchess. The brand's autumn/winter 2024 collection features neutral tones, soft fabrics and layering pieces - elements that seem perfectly suited to Meghan's style.
            

 







        
        The Norwegian Royal Court confirmed to Femail that 51-year-old Mette-Marit is currently taking sick leave.
    
 







        
        Ex-England player Mike's new book The Good, the Bad & the Rugby, co-authored with James Haskell and Alex Payne, is billed as the unfiltered story of the trio's podcast.
    
 







        
        In his new book The Good, the Bad & the Rugby - Unleashed, Mike, 46, said the image of Philip and Mia perfectly encapsulated the Royal Family's annual getaways to Scotland.
    
 








                
                Experts have revealed why people are going gray earlier than ever before - as women flock to social media to question the shocking phenomenon. Young women are taking to TikTok to question why it seems like more people in their twenties and thirties are going gray, with many commenters saying it's the stress Gen Z and millennials are under. 'Look at this. I am 29 and if I let this grow, I am going to look like a freaking grandma in a couple of years,' one US-based TikTok creator joked in a viral video.
            

 







        
        The unnamed 33-year-old revealed that she and her husband, 43, were struggling to discipline their kids - who are 16, 12, five and two - after spoiling them with lavish outings. Pictured is a stock image.
    
 







        
        A video of the Barstool Sports chief criticizing colleague Brianna for moving out of her unnamed ex's place while talking to Zach has resurfaced following the influencer's breakup.
    
 







        
        The One Tree Hill star, 43, opened up about her life within the cult and the horrors she faced throughout the duration of her six-year marriage.
    
 







        
        A pregnant mom has revealed the 'horrible' moniker her husband insists they should name their son. She explained the shocking incident on Reddit and asked people for advice.
    
 







        
        A California woman almost ended up in the emergency room after leaving her earrings from Amazon on for too long, raising questions about the potential health risks of silicone earring backs.
    
 







        
        Mean Girls fanatics are delighted after spotting not one, but two reunions in a couple of upcoming festive films that are set to drop on the streaming service next month just in time for Christmas.
    
 








                
                On Wednesday, luxury brand The Row opened their sample sale to the public, with people waiting since 10:30 p.m. the night before just to get a spot in line.
            

 







        
        Fans have been praising Lana Del Rey, 39, as she's shown off a stunning transformation in the months leading up to her surprise wedding to gator tour guide Jeremy Dufrene, 49.
    
 







        
        A naturopathic doctor has lifted the lid on three tips that can help you become a bit more successful when going number two - and the good news is that they're all extremely easy to do.
    
 







        
        The woman, a perfume and beauty influencer named Joy, posted the letter to X - formerly Twitter - with the caption, 'Ladies… choose yourself.'
    
 








                
                Hunger Games fans were left gushing over the 'stunning' cover for Suzanne Collins' new book Sunrise on the Reaping. On Wednesday, Scholastic unveiled the cover of the highly-anticipated book, which is the fifth novel in the series and will follow fan-favorite character Haymitch Abernathy. Artist Tim O'Brien, who is known for creating the Hunger Games covers, has yet again wowed fans with an 'amazing' artwork.
            

 







        
        A Chicago bride was left feeling 'humiliated' after she spent over $12,000 on catering for her wedding - only for her guests to be left eating takeout from Pizza Hut at the end of the night.
    
 







        
        Lily Allen has admitted that she makes more money showcasing snaps of her feet online than she does as a singer. The 39-year-old shared her confession on X, formerly known as Twitter.
    
 







        
        While fans are currently riding the roller-coaster of the breakup; some have honed in on a cringey detail in Zach Bryan's statement - unable to look past his bad grammar.
    
 








                
                Some on X (previously Twitter) are even joking they're 'frothing at the mouth' over the New England-inspired collection, which pays homage to where Noah grew up. The 27-year-old Vermont-born indie folk musician announced the collaboration on Instagram, joking, 'L.L. Bean thinks I'm handsome so we made a clothing line together.' 'It makes me feel like I'm being active, even if I'm usually not,' the Stick Singer said about the Freeport, Maine-based retail company in a playful video about the collection, which is selling out swiftly. Fans flocked to his comments section to beg him to restock the merchandise, including the classic boat tote.
            

 







        
        Content creator Jillian Lavin shared a catchy tune in a TikTok video on October 14, which told the story of her three-year-long relationship breaking down.
    
 







        
        The information was shared in a new TikTok video posted by California-based Dr. Jessica Kiss, who specializes in family medicine.
    
 







        
        In a now-viral TikTok filmed at Disneyland, a woman captured the moment some parents deemed the Evil Queen from Snow White too evil, resulting in a screaming match.
    
 







        
        Ilona Maher, 28, wanted to be naked and asked to 'show pretty much everything' like the other Dancing With the Stars contestants in her latest revealing costume.
    
 







        
        Hannah was left gobsmacked and thought her head would 'explode' after spotting the peculiar item on sale at a New Hampshire Walmart.
    
 







        
        Ivanka Trump has showed off her killer body while demonstrating the five workouts that have 'transformed' her body in ways she 'hadn't imagined.'
    
 







        
        Stanley Tucci has revealed a controversial opinion - and it's that he doesn't think sweatpants should be worn in public.
    
 







        
        Chili may be best served hot, but soon it could be best served... cold? Graeter's Ice Cream is collaborating with Cincinnati-based chain Skyline Chili for a special edition ice cream.
    
 







        
        Jake Haendel, from Boston, survived a rare and terminal progressive brain disease that left him unable to move or speak - but still completely conscious.
    
 








                
                Juul vape users have been left jaw-dropped after receiving upwards of $9,000 from the class action lawsuit. In 2022, Juul agreed to pay more than a billion dollars to settle thousands of lawsuits claiming it has fueled America's youth vaping epidemic. The e-cigarette maker was accused of getting a generation of Americans hooked on nicotine through its fruity- and candy-flavored e-cigarettes.
            

 







        
        The crucial information was shared in a new TikTok video posted Tuesday by Dr. Jeremy London, who is based in Savannah, Georgia.
    
 







        
        Anna Kendrick has a multitude of roles to her name, but she will never escape playing Jessica Stanley in the Twilight saga.
    
 







        
        In 2004, Martha was sentenced to five months after being found guilty of conspiracy to obstruct and making false statements to investigators in connection with an insider trading case.
    
 








                
                The comedian, 42, took to the stage to present his spouse, 44, with a Woman of Impact Award at last night's InStyle's Imagemaker Awards, in recognition of her activism in women's health following her breast cancer diagnosis in 2023. During his emotional speech, John recounted how Olivia had bravely expressed that she was determined to not to let her battle with the disease 'hang over' their lives.
            

 







        
        Emanuel Miller has spent his life managing the tresses of Hollywood heavyweights while forming close friendships with some of them. He has shared his opinions on Anne and Blake.
    
 







        
        A wedding guest has been slammed for showing off the gown she wants to sport on her pal's special day.
    
 









        
        Kris Jenner turned 69-years-old on Tuesday and was given several gushing Instagram tributes. Her daughter Kim Kardashian posted a flashback photo from the 1980s when she was just a child. 'Happy Birthday to the queen of our world Kris Jenner!' began the SKIMS founder.
      

 








                
                Gisele Bundchen was seen with boyfriend, Joaquim Valente, for the first time over the past weekend since it was confirmed she is expecting her third child - and first - with the jiu-jitsu instructor.The Brazilian-born star, 44 - who was recently spotted displaying her growing baby bump - is 'embracing this new chapter' of her life, a source told People in an article published on Monday. Bundchen's pregnancy news was revealed earlier last week - leaving her ex-husband Tom Brady 'stunned' by the revelation.
            

 







        
        Hollywood pinup Joy Corrigan shared several new eye-popping images to Instagram on Monday. The fashion magazine cover girl was outside the Saint Laurent store in New York City .
    
 







        
        Although Ryan Reynolds is known for his larger-than-life personality and quick wit, Martha Stewart recently made headlines for claiming he's 'not so funny in real life.'
    
 







        
        Now, Cavallari, 37, had an update for fans after she shared her bizarre conspiracy theory - she heard from Britney herself after the podcast went up.
    
 








                
                Voters are heading to the polls to cast their ballots for either Donald Trump or Kamala Harris in one of the nation's most historic presidential races. Celebrities made sure to cast their vote as they shared their steps on Instagram. Many female stars overwhelmed social media with their notes.
            

 







        
        Actress Monica Barbaro revealed that she was once told she needed to trim her long eyelashes.
    
 







        
        Priyanka Chopra made the rare move of showing off her body on Instagram early on Tuesday. She flashes her arm tattoo and belly piercing.
    
 







        
    
 








                
                Jennifer Lopez accidentally revealed a major detail that has to do with her split from Ben Affleck in a recent Instagram post. When JLo posed outside a white house in a cute Dior outfit on Sunday, she was saying a lot. The diva from the Bronx was posing at the front door of her $68million Bel Air, California mansion she used to live in with Affleck.
            

 







        
        The 34-year-old Vanderpump Rules star's episode on the 35-year-old Kansas City Chiefs tight end's game show Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity? airs this Wednesday on Prime Video
    
 







        
        Taylor Swift let her guard down to  'support her man' Travis Kelce in the Kansas City Chiefs VIP box, NFL WAG Chariah Gordon has revealed.
    
 







        
        Rihanna has blasted 'Karen' trolls for slating her post urging fans to vote in the US Presidential election.
    
 








                
                Kim Alexis was one of the top models of the 1980s as she appeared on the cover of Vogue and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, and represented brands like Gucci, Perry Ellis and Ralph Lauren. These days she is away from the spotlight but still thriving as a mother of three living in Arizona. And she often posts videos and photos about health on her Instagram.
            

 







        
        Pedro Pascal has praised his co-star Paul Mescal for helping him 'light up' scenes as he recalled shooting their first Gladiator II sequence together.
    
 







        
        The 58-year-old actress - who played Jenny Curran - scoffed: 'People have said she's a Voldemort to Forrest. I wouldn't choose that as a reference, but she was kind of selfish'
    
 







        
        Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez's worked together on the upcoming film Unstoppable, which he's a producer on.
    
 








                
                Her mother is a blonde actress who has worked with Cameron Diaz and Jim Carrey. She also starred with Paul Rudd, Melissa McCarthy and Seth Rogen. Though she is in her 50s, she still looks fantastic.  Dad is a powerful director in Hollywood as he has several blockbuster movies under his belt. One starred Amy Schumer.
            

 







        
        Her mother played Tom Cruise's lover. But her father is an even bigger star. Now this young beauty is trying out a singing career. She was seen last week. Who is she?
    
 







        
        She was a child actress who had a guest starring role on The Wonder Years. Then this charming actress was in one of the top teen movies of all time that spawned a fashion revolution.
    
 







        
        Her mom was in sexy 1990s thrillers that dominated movie theaters. Her dad is famous too. He is a quirky character actor who had a long run on one of the Law & Order shows.
    
 







        
        This nepo baby just landed a major modeling job with a massive French brand. Mom's close Hollywood pals are Jennifer Aniston , Gwyneth Paltrow and Jennifer Garner.
    
 







        
        Her mother has won several Oscars and is considered one of the best actresses of her generation.
    
 







        
        This glamazon made a very rare appearance at a swanky event on Monday evening. Her father is a luxury goods executive who is worth a fortune. Stepmom is a movie goddess.
    
 








                
                Alessandra Ambrosio was seen in a ruby red string bikini while in the jungle of Brazil in new images shared to social media on Monday. The skimpy two piece suit was from her very own swimwear line, GAL Floripa collection. 'Divine nature ❤️ our Fauna bikini is sophisticated and elegant, with its triangular bralette top and knot detail on the side, you will fall in love! In the most classic hue in Gal history, Divine Color!' the caption read.
            

 







        
        Candice Swanepoel displayed her fit figure as she modeled new swimsuits from her Tropic of C range. She showed off her sculpted abs and backside in sexy beachside photos.
    
 







        
        The Finding Nicole actress was dressed up as Sailor Moon, a Japanese manga character written and illustrated by Naoko Takeuchi. The wonder from Washington state had on a sailor-inspired bikini.
    
 







        
        Sofia Vergara posted a red hot bikini pinup photo on Thursday to her Instagram page. 'Throwback to Miami,' wrote the Modern Family actress in her caption for her 35M followers.
    
 







        
        Kylie Jenner has gone completely nude for her latest Halloween costume shared on Thursday. Sge redid the poster for Demi Moore's 1996 movie Striptease.
    
 







        
        Candice Swanepoel returned to the Victoria Secret show in style on Tuesday evening as the brand's iconic display was held for the first time in six years.
    
 







        
        Rocking the iconic angel wings, Gigi Hadid opened the 2024 Victoria's Secret Fashion show as it made its triumphant return on Tuesday night.
    




        
        Things might be over between Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Brooks Nader and her Dancing With The Stars partner Gleb Savchenko as she has shared a telling video about their romance.
    



Kris Kristofferson leaves behind his wife, Lisa Meyers, who supported him throughout his career and during his health challenges. Learn more about his widowed partner here.
  
Now that Jennifer and Ben have called it quits, let’s look back at her past marriages to Marc Anthony, Cris Judd, and more.
 
Taylor Swift’s dad Scott Swift stole the spotlight during one of her nights at Wembley Stadium in London.
 
Eight years later and the two actors are still hashing out their divorce.
 
Joe and Alexa were photographed watching the tournament and grabbing drinks together one month after he broke his silence on his breakup with Taylor Swift.
 
During an exclusive video interview with Hollywood Life, the Lautners got candid about what bugs them from time to time.
 
Billy Ray Cyrus accused his estranged wife Firerose of abusing him.
 
The ‘Dancing With the Stars’ cast member explained how she and her husband compete against each other during an exclusive interview with Hollywood Life.
 
The actor took a big step in his relationship with Lily Calo after a magical date in Hollywood.
 
Harriet and Damian exclusively spoke with Hollywood Life about James and Ruby’s fate after he seemingly vanished from sight at the end of season 1.
 
Joey revealed the details of NSYNC’s iconic on-stage performance during an exclusive interview with Hollywood Life.
 
Joey exclusively told Hollywood Life that Mark Wahlberg called him in the early 2000s about a television ‘project,’ which turned out to be ‘Entourage.’
 
While West and Ciara’s current relationship remains top secret, viewers are eager to watch what happens next.
 
The ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ alum was best friends with Jared Haibon before things took a romantic turn.
 
The Bachelor Nation member has a theory as to why the ‘Golden Bachelor’ couple didn’t have a happily ever after.
 
While the straight-to-streaming release is ‘out of [his control],’ Dominique exclusively told Hollywood Life he’s simply ‘excited for people’ to see the film. 
 
Dominique exclusively talked to Hollywood Life about sharing the screen with Jake in their upcoming rendition of the original 1989 Patrick Swayze-led film. 
 
Claudia Jordan reveals if competing on ‘Deal or No Deal Island’ has inspired her to do more reality television — such as joining ‘The Traitors’ or returning to ‘The Real Housewives of Atlanta.’
 
Kiki Barth said she reached out to Larsa Pippen about her breakup with Marcus Jordan — only to find out that the couple seemingly got back together.
